well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
the state of the outgoing president
donald trump
where he's at what he's up to
you know when he got elected
everybody knew he was going to be
different everybody knew he was going to
be different didn't matter if you
supported him or not
you knew he was not going to be like
other presidents
that was clear from the get-go
and right away there were people
saying you know this guy he's a
would-be dictator
and there was pushback on those
statements people didn't
see it
the president of the united states
is now at the point where he is
tweeting openly
asking for state legislatures to
undermine the vote
to undermine the election in relevant
part
he says hopefully the courts and or
legislatures
will have the courage to do what has to
be done to maintain the integrity of our
elections
in the united states of america itself
you know every time you think you've hit
rock bottom with this guy
he crawls into some pathetic
underground cave just a little bit
further down
this is asking state legislatures
to subvert the constitution to strike at
the very foundations of american
democracy
200 years of the integrity of the united
states if you will
and he's doing this with no evidence
he has had dozens of opportunities to
present evidence in court
so far it hadn't happened at this point
you have to assume it doesn't exist
the president isn't going to exhaust his
legal options
without presenting evidence if it
existed
and when you're openly asking state
legislatures
to do something this drastic
seems like that evidence should not only
be presented in court
it should be public everybody should
have access to it
we should all be able to review it and
if that was the case
and it was out there for people to look
at it wouldn't just be his
base cheering this on
i would imagine that if the allegations
he's making were true even
partisan democrats would support some
kind of
action because it's that much of an
affront
to the united states
that evidence doesn't exist
i've asked people who believe this
to show me why they can't
his attorneys haven't been able to
present it in court
it doesn't exist and what that means is
that you have a decent sized segment of
the population
who is willing to subvert the
constitution
subvert the united states over a tweet
from dear leader with no evidence
just because dear leader says so
we're going to believe it this is why
those statements were made initially
this is why people called him a would-be
dictator
because they could see that support
from his base because he said the things
they wanted to hear
he was a reflection of them
somehow he got these people
to see him as one of them somehow they
were able to identify
with the spoiled billionaire
and now even with
years of very clear
let's just say less than accurate
statements
they're willing to throw away the u.s
constitution
over a tweet
that's pretty disheartening now
in two months this is all going to come
out in the wash less than two months
this is uh
it's going to be over
but until then we have to
acknowledge that there is a group of
americans
who have placed their trust in the
president
and that he's abusing that trust
and when he does it we have to be there
we have to say okay sure that's your
allegation
where's the evidence let's see it
because basically now he's just pulling
the dog ate my homework stuff
you'll get to see it eventually of next
tuesday
sure
the united states came pretty close
to something really bad happening to
truly losing
everything that the united states ever
was all the positive
aspects of the united states
almost wiped away because people chose
to believe a tweet
over evidence or lack thereof
they handed their critical thinking
to president trump they gave him
their trust and he abused it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day